- Remember, you know,
we took care of a lot of people
including, I guess,
on December 21st,
we took care of Joe Biden
'cause he got his shot,
he got his vaccine.
He forgot.
It shows you how unpainful
that vaccine shot
is so everybody
go get your shot.
It works incredibly well.
95%, maybe even more than that,
it works incredibly well
and I would recommend it
a lot of people
that don't wanna get it
and a lot of those people
voted for me,
frankly, but, you know, again,
we have our freedoms
and we have to live by that
and I agree with that also.
But it's a great vaccine,
it's a safe vaccine,
and it's something that works.
I recommend you take it,
but I also believe
in your freedoms 100%.
When you have the vaccine,
people that do,
and it's a very small number
relatively,
but people that do get
it get better much quicker
and it's a very important
thing to know.
They don't get nearly as sick
and they get better,
Lindsey Graham's an example.
He said if I didn't have
this vaccine, I would've died.
And you know what?
I believe totally
in your freedoms,
I do, you gotta do
what you have to do,
but I recommend
taking the vaccines,
I did it, it's good,
take the vaccines.
But you got -- no, that's okay.
That's all right.
You got your freedoms.
But I happen to take
the vaccine.
The vaccines do work
and they are effective.
And here's my -- my thing.
So I'm -- I am,
I think I've saved many --
I don't think, I know,
I saved millions
and millions of lives
throughout the world.
We could've had another
Spanish flu,
we could've had, you know,
in 1917,
close to a hundred million
people die they said,
but it was really bad.
And now other countries
are using our vaccines
and, you know, tremendous.
They're tremendously successful.
You're playing right
into their hands
when you're sort of like,
oh, the vaccine.
If you don't want to take it,
you shouldn't be forced
to take it,
no mandates,
but take credit because we saved
tens of millions of lives.
Take credit.
Don't let them take
that away from you.
- Okay, so the president
made news --
-Do you agree with that?
Right?
- Both the president
and I are vaxxed
and did you get the booster?
- Yes.
- I got it, too.
Okay, so.
- Don't, don't, don't, don't.